AUTH_TYPE

The name of the authentication scheme used to protect the servlet. For example, 
BASIC, SSL, or null if the servlet was not protected.

CONTENT_LENGTH

The length of the request body in bytes made available by the input stream or -1 
if the length is not known. For HTTP servlets, the value returned is the same as 
the value of the CGI variable CONTENT_LENGTH.

CONTENT_TYPE

The MIME type of the body of the request, or null if the type is not known. For 
HTTP servlets, the value returned is the same as the value of the CGI variable 
CONTENT_TYPE.

GATEWAY_INTERFACE

The revision of the CGI specification being used by the server to communicate 
with the script. It is "CGI/1.1".

HTTP_ACCEPT

Variables with names beginning with "HTTP_" contain values from the request 
header, if the scheme used is HTTP. HTTP_ACCEPT specifies the content types your 
browser supports. For example, text/xml.

HTTP_ACCEPT_CHARSET

Character preference information. Used to indicate the client's prefered 
character set if any. For example, utf-8;q=0.5.

HTTP_ACCEPT_ENCODING

Defines the type of encoding that may be carried out on content returned to the 
client. For example, compress;q=0.5.

HTTP_ACCEPT_LANGUAGE

Used to define which languages you would prefer to receive content in. For 
example, en;q=0.5. If nothing is returned, no language preference is indicated.

HTTP_FORWARDED

If the request was forwarded, shows the address and port through of the proxy 
server.

HTTP_HOST

Specifies the Internet host and port number of the resource being requested. 
Required for all HTTP/1.1 requests.

HTTP_PROXY_AUTHORIZATION

Used by a client to identify itself (or its user) to a proxy which requires 
authentication.

HTTP_USER_AGENT

The type and version of the browser the client is using to send the request. For 
example, Mozilla/1.5.

PATH_INFO

Optionally contains extra path information from the HTTP request that invoked 
the script, specifying a path to be interpreted by the CGI script. PATH_INFO 
identifies the resource or sub-resource to be returned by the CGI script, and it 
is derived from the portion of the URI path following the script name but 
preceding any query data.

PATH_TRANSLATED

Maps the script's virtual path to the physical path used to call the script. 
This is done by taking any PATH_INFO component of the request URI and performing 
any virtual-to-physical translation appropriate.

QUERY_STRING

The query string that is contained in the request URL after the path.

REMOTE_ADDR

Returns the IP address of the client that sent the request. For HTTP servlets, 
the value returned is the same as the value of the CGI variable REMOTE_ADDR.

REMOTE_HOST

The fully-qualified name of the client that sent the request, or the IP address 
of the client if the name cannot be determined. For HTTP servlets, the value 
returned is the same as the value of the CGI variable REMOTE_HOST.

REMOTE_USER

Returns the login of the user making this request if the user has been 
authenticated, or null if the user has not been authenticated.

REQUEST_METHOD

Returns the name of the HTTP method with which this request was made. For 
example, GET, POST, or PUT.

SCRIPT_NAME

Returns the part of the URL from the protocol name up to the query string in the 
first line of the HTTP request.

SERVER_NAME

Returns the host name of the server that received the request. For HTTP 
servlets, it is the same as the value of the CGI variable SERVER_NAME.

SERVER_PORT

Returns the port number on which this request was received. For HTTP servlets, 
the value returned is the same as the value of the CGI variable SERVER_PORT.

SERVER_PROTOCOL

Returns the name and version of the protocol the request uses in the following 
form: protocol/majorVersion.minorVersion. For example, HTTP/1.1. For HTTP 
servlets, the value returned is the same as the value of the CGI variable 
SERVER_PROTOCOL.

SERVER_SOFTWARE

Returns the name and version of the servlet container on which the servlet is 
running.

HTTP_COOKIE

HTTP Cookie String.

WEBTOP_USER

The user name of the user who is logged in.

NCHOME

The NCHOME environment variable.
